hello possibly Mel this is what the
Rosario is selling to some we've seen
yes not only that I don't see art as a
exact science for me art is the most
abstract example our power existence
most things I learned in my life I
learned watching and listened to in
living with people in art I got no
mother no father I measured every day is
a surprise I never known Fermi's manner
when I don't know where I'm going to
it's much better it's like an easy rider
creation I can make thing really fast it
makes me feel that everything is really
possible for sure I can go a little bit
faster than most of people because in
all is making I just go but I go deep I
go honestly I go intensively you know I
mean people from a year they're very
much in love with with our town it's
just such a sentimental culture I have a
such a close relationship with my town
that was born that I live huh the war
but for me is one of the expression love
by ear to me is like a gift offer them
this gift to put some drops of art some
drops of course some drops of music in
the neighborhood this is the only
contribution liking you they want me to
make the whole neighborhood you see
complainer Casillas Danny Danny
approximation for the ricotta stickman
to the captain video de kado lugar de
cada cebu Mikado do do doooo me do se la
mia cowan Dodge I like when I see
something like this this this and this I
don't immediately know what supposed to
mean or what I really want is this
familiar is always a nigga mind I don't
know the really meaning of art but I
love keep chasing this movie
this is a funny level I'm a man I move
it by patient I'm not ashamed of you a
sentimental person I just few things I
have a simple origin you know and I
think I deserve a place in this world to
reflect and provoke it reflections with
my creation
you